chore(table): added image and text demo (#4853)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/demos/Table/examples/Table.md

wrapperTag: div
---

> import './Table.css'

Reviewer: Does this file exist? I don't see it - https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly/tree/37f003a829d05765706337e0b95075ac5bf4d15c/src/patternfly/demos/Table/examples

  {{/page-main-section}}
{{/inline}}
```

### Cell with image alignment

By default, table cell alignment is set to baseline. This retains vertical alignment with varying text size, but can cause visual inconsistencies with images. The vertical alignment of images within table cells may need to be specified to provide proper alignment.

```hbs isFullscreen
{{> page-template page-template--id="image-alignment-demo"}}

{{#*inline "page-template-section"}}
  {{#> page-main-section page-main-section--modifier="pf-m-no-padding pf-m-padding-on-xl" page-main-section--IsLimitWidth="true"}}

>     {{#> table table--id="image-alignment-demo-table" table--grid="true" table--modifier="pf-m-grid-lg" table--attribute='aria-label="This is an example of how to control images in table cells."'}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{#> table table--id="image-alignment-demo-table" table--grid="true" table--modifier="pf-m-grid-lg" table--attribute='aria-label="This is an example of how to control image and text alignment in table cells."'}}
```

      {{#> table-thead}}
        {{#> table-tr table-th--modifier="pf-m-fit-content"}}
          {{#> table-th table-th--modifier="pf-m-nowrap" table-th--attribute='scope="col"' table-th--sortable="true" table-th--selected="true" table-th--asc="true"}}
            Repositories
          {{/table-th}}
          {{#> table-th table-th--attribute='scope="col"' table-th--sortable="true" table-th--IsColumnHelp="true"}}
            Branches
          {{/table-th}}
          {{#> table-th table-th--attribute='scope="col"' table-th--sortable="true"}}
            Pull requests
          {{/table-th}}
          {{#> table-th table-th--attribute='scope="col"'}}
            Workspaces
          {{/table-th}}
          {{#> table-th table-th--attribute='scope="col"' table-th--IsColumnHelp="true"}}
            Last commit
          {{/table-th}}
        {{/table-tr}}
      {{/table-thead}}

      {{#> table-tbody}}
        {{#> table-tr}}
          {{#> table-td table-td--data-label="Repository name"}}
            {{#> l-flex l-flex--modifier="pf-m-nowrap"}}
              {{#> l-flex l-flex--modifier="pf-m-align-self-flex-start pf-u-mt-sm"}}
                <div class="table-demo-icon">

>                   {{> table--icon-red-hat class="test"}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  {{> table--icon-red-hat}}
```
